TODO AT WORK
String dice roller
	Use the DiceExpression I found
	See if I can improve it to add modifiers (ex: +1d6 cold => 5 cold)
Campaign Data
	Key/Value table of stuff like campaign name, bank interest, etc
Events!
	Daily events, like bank interest
	Calendar events, like holidays
Update big text fields like Attack, Defense, and Special to something machine-readable
	or split them into a new datatype. AbilityId, BestiaryId
		(Melee/Ranged), Attack Bonus, Damage, Crit, Range, Type (P/S/B, Cone, Burst), Effects (+1d6 cold, etc)
		(Special), Range, Type (Cone, Burst, etc), Target, Effect
Copy From
	Bestiary (and other?) option to create a new creature from an existing one
	Basically leave everything loaded but reset the BID to 0
NPC Builder (Looking like its own entirely new tool atm) (YEAH TIME TO WRITE A FULL CHARACTER CREATION UTILITY AAAAAAAAAA)
	Start with a Bestiary entry
		OR A RACE. WELP.
	Apply templates as desired
	Ability Scores (preset for Bestiary, point buy for Race)
	Add Class levels (oh god I have to implement all the PF Classes...)
		Prestige classes...
		AND ARCHETYPES OH JESUS WHY DO I DO THIS TO MYSELF
	Add equipment (custom-build enchanted gear)
Web Tools!
	Character sheets for the players
		Interactive?
		Live rolls and HP tracking?
		Gear
			Use the equipment build rules for magical gear WELP
			Export gear to string (json object that's base64 encoded), import from string
			Add gear from library (all non-custom gear)
W E L P
Code First Mapping
	Add-Migration -Context PFDBContext
	Update-Database -Context PFDBContext
	https://blog.oneunicorn.com/2017/09/25/many-to-many-relationships-in-ef-core-2-0-part-1-the-basics/

TODO AT HOME
Git dat HTTPS
	https://letsencrypt.org/getting-started/
Publish
	Set up a publish script for the server that gets the latest and runs dotnet publish
	For the client, set up a publish profile that puts everything in a zip file and throws it into dropbox
Add new DB_ configs to PFConfig, Update PFDBContext to get userid/pass from config instead of hardcoded
Run NPC to Bestiary script
Remove ALL from season, time, etc
CampaignData table
Add Season/Month of Stars, a time when magic is at its strongest
	Magical beasts and aberrations MUCH more common
	ALL spells are considered Maximized
Add Events (Bank interest monthly, NOT daily)
	Full Moon!
MORE MAP WORK
	Remake maps in MapTool
	Touch them up first with more locations and proper city names
	Remember that maps only show "major" locations, small towns and villages won't be there
	Add small roads, towns, and villages to DM map. Write up a couple tiny settlements that could be tossed down mid-game.
Make some kind of DB Importer that pulls PFSRD stuff (and nethys?), runs it through the formatter from Test, and adds it to the DB

Generating code-first from existing DB
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/get-started/aspnetcore/existing-db

DB STUFF
- Get a count of non-null entries for each column. Make sure the column is not nullable if there are 0 null entries.
- Consider moving low-pop columns to separate tables.
- Check interaction between [Bestiary].Environment, Feat, Language, Skill and new tables
- Write up (or pseudocode) Transformer code to split them up

[Bestiary] NPCs
Use the CharacterFlag column for NPCs, and have it set for intelligent beings that might interact with the party instead of fight them
Dump the NPC table into the Bestiary table with appropriate transformations and this flag set

Continent-Terrain-Season
Use for automatic encounter chances, tie an encounter % to each one
When encounter is rolled, randomize Time list. List can then be adjusted if needed before grabbing monsters.

Plane
Used for things like other planes and planets (and the moon). Overrides all other encounter selectors when set to something besides 'Prime Material'

[Time]
TimeId
Name
IsDay

Times: Morning, Afternoon, Evening, First Watch, Second Watch, Third Watch
(For the current game, treat them all as awake during third watch and half of them awake during first and second)

Travel Time (Notebook, not app)
Add modifiers like +1 for Ring of Sustenance (less sleep)
+1 for on-road, adjust base travel accordingly

Combat Tracker
Some kind of turn tracker (color row differently?)
Skip entries with 0 initiative
Math in rows (-hp, +hp)
Color rows with dead monsters (grey) or players (red)

[Month] needs an Abbreviation column

[Holiday] HolidayId, Month, Day, Continent, StartingYear(?), YearsBetween(?) (last two for 10-year, 100-year, etc celebrations)

Demon's Day - anniversary of The Altering, last day of the year, stronger effects on multiples of 10 (e.g. year xx1000 will be more intense than year xxx100, which will be more intense than xxxx10)

Calendar on the PFSite where PCs can mark upcoming dates and see holiday celebrations